OVERVIEW
Goodz are NFC-enabled music
collectibles that provide fans
with commemorative, physical
connections to their favorite
digital music.
Using NFC technology, fans
simply tap Goodz with their
smartphone to be taken to a
custom URL such as a Bandcamp
track/album code link.
They are an affordable,
functional, environmentally
Proposal, January 2024
friendly alternative to traditional media in a world where
50% of vinyl purchasers don’t even own a record player
and where 75% of millennials say they consider
sustainability when making a physical purchase.
Plus they are an adorable marriage of nostalgia and
cutting-edge technology that fans instantly want to own!

-- 1 of 5 --

PROPOSED PROGRAMS
Goodz can provide a significant
new revenue stream for
Bandcamp and their artists while
simultaneously delivering a great
experience for their users that
appeals in equal measures to
media collectors, those looking to
support artists in new ways, and
those with a nostalgia for physical
media.
We see two easy ways to
integrate Goodz into the
Bandcamp ecosystem to instantly
deliver this value to the platform,
its artists, and their fans:
1. Goodz for Artists
2. Goodz for Bandcamp Editorial

-- 2 of 5 --

PROPOSAL ONE: GOODZ FOR ARTISTS
Goodz can become the physical manifestation of
track/album codes for artists across the entire
Bandcamp platform.
We can integrate a Goodz purchase flow into the
artist dashboard so artists simply choose to make any
album or track into a Goodz at any time, with a very
low minimum order and fast delivery times.
These can then be sold on the artist’s Bandcamp page
as well as at the merch table at concerts, providing a
much needed solution for selling digital music on the
road.
They come printed in gorgeous full color with the
artist's album/track cover art and pre-loaded with
their Bandcamp track/album code link, so fans can
purchase a physical, collectible version of the music.
Artists and labels can also offer Goodz Crate Bundles
that include 6-10 Goodz in a miniature milk crate,
perfect for artists with larger catalogs and labels
looking to offer an artist sampler.
Labels could also offer monthly subscriptions where
fans get new Goodz each month loaded with new
tracks from label artists.
Artists buy Goodz directly from Bandcamp right from
their dashboard, providing an easy new revenue
stream for the platform that puts them at the
cutting-edge of fan engagement.

-- 3 of 5 --

PROPOSAL TWO: GOODZ FOR BANDCAMP EDITORIAL
Bandcamp has built one of the strongest editorial
reputations in music. Goodz can monetize this for
the company in a way that also brings new revenue
to artists and delivers a commemorative, functional
collectible to loyal fans of the platform.
We can sell Goodz subscriptions to any of the
popular Bandcamp franchises, from the Shortlist, Big
Ups and Hidden Gems, to the monthly Best Of genre
categories.
Each month the user would get a new Goodz loaded
with the pre-purchased track code for all the songs
in the editorial playlist.
These would be designed with the artwork from the
editorial category, with the month and year printed
on it.
They can also be issued in a limited-edition with the
edition number printed on the back for extra
exclusivity.
The user could also receive a custom, editorial
branded Goodz Crate with their first month of
subscription, then get a new crate for every six
months they stay subscribed as an incentive to
reduce subscription churn.
Goodz can also serve as an authenticator key,
meaning Bandcamp could provide access to extra
content or forums exclusively to users who are
physically holding the item in their hand, if desired.

-- 4 of 5 --

GOODZ CARDS AND CRATE SPECIFICATIONS
Product Description:
Suitable for album, song, or other data linking.
Basswood ply card has a smooth, eco-friendly, and
durable finish.
● Full color album or track artwork
● Environmentally friendly UV printing (no VOC’s)
● Comes pre-loaded with artist’s track/album link
Technical Data:
● Length x Width (A) - 2.56” x 2.56”
● ¼” rounded corner radius
● 0.12” thickness
Goodz Standard Card
Goodz Milk Crate
Product Description:
Miniature milk crate, perfect for displaying Goodz.
● Black, environmentally friendly recycled PLA
plastic material standard
● Other materials and colors available
● Holds 6-10 standard cards
Dimensions:
● Width (A) - 3.0”
● Height (B) - 0.4”
● Height (C) - 2.4”
● Depth (D) - 2.0”

-- 5 of 5 --

